Feature/update pr template (#128)
optuna/optunahub-registry: .github/pull_request_template.md

> ## TODO List towards PR Merge
> 
> If you introduce a new package in this PR, please check the following TODO list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TODO List towards PR Merge

Please remove this section if this PR is not an addition of a new package.
Otherwise, please check the following TODO list:

```
